ERROR REPORT - 2025-07-10 13:15:30
============================================================

Content Warning (60 errors):
-------------------------
Line 1: Unstructured content found
  Context: SECTION 26-05-29

Line 3: Unstructured content found
  Context: HANGERS AND SUPPORTS for Electrical Systems

Line 96: Unstructured content found
  Context: It shall be the responsibility of the electrical contractor to supervise the installation of and pay...

Line 98: Unstructured content found
  Context: Coordinate layout and installation of equipment and components with other construction that penetrat...

Line 100: Unstructured content found
  Context: Provide supports for multiple raceways capable of supporting combined weight of supported systems an...

Line 102: Unstructured content found
  Context: Locate all structural elements within concrete prior to pre-drilling anchors. Contractor is responsi...

Line 104: Unstructured content found
  Context: Comply with NECA 1 and NECA 101 for application and installation requirements of hangers and support...

Line 106: Unstructured content found
  Context: All electrically related work shall be supported directly from building structural members. Electric...

Line 108: Unstructured content found
  Context: Cut, fit, and place miscellaneous metal supports accurately in location, alignment, and elevation to...

Line 110: Unstructured content found
  Context: Touchup Painting: Clean field welds and abraded areas of shop paint. Paint exposed areas immediately...

Line 112: Unstructured content found
  Context: Install equipment and enclosures on walls with tops at uniform height unless otherwise indicated, an...

Line 114: Unstructured content found
  Context: Use of synthetic or plastic “tie-wraps”, “zip ties”, “wire ties” and similar products are not permit...

Line 116: Unstructured content found
  Context: Route all conduits, raceways and cables (where applicable) parallel and perpendicular to building st...

Line 118: Unstructured content found
  Context: All fasteners, hangers and methods of hanging exposed work in finished areas shall be submitted to t...

Line 120: Unstructured content found
  Context: Space supports for conduits and raceways required by NFPA 70 as a minimum. Minimum rod size shall be...

Line 122: Unstructured content found
  Context: Coordinate with installation of roof curbs, equipment supports, and roof penetrations as applicable....

Line 124: Unstructured content found
  Context: Do not drill any concrete structural members or decks without prior case-by-case written approval of...

Line 126: Unstructured content found
  Context: Do not suspend overhead hangers, or support any other overhead electrical work, from non-poured-conc...

Line 128: Unstructured content found
  Context: Field-verify lengths of stems, pendants, cables, suspensions, etc. for all suspended luminaires with...

Line 130: Unstructured content found
  Context: Strength of Support Assemblies: Where not indicated, select sizes of components so strength will be ...

Line 132: Unstructured content found
  Context: Mounting and Anchorage of Surface-Mounted Equipment and Components: Anchor and fasten electrical ite...

Line 134: Unstructured content found
  Context: To Wood: Fasten with lag screws or through-bolts. Provide Standard Grade, light-framing-size lumber ...

Line 136: Unstructured content found
  Context: To Wood Structural Members: Provide bolts installed through members.

Line 138: Unstructured content found
  Context: To New Concrete: Provide channel-type concrete inserts and bolt to inserts, or provide expansion anc...

Line 140: Unstructured content found
  Context: To Existing Concrete: Expansion anchor fasteners.

Line 142: Unstructured content found
  Context: Holes for Expansion Anchors in Concrete: Drill at locations and to depths that avoid reinforcing bar...

Line 144: Unstructured content found
  Context: To Masonry: Approved toggle-type bolts on hollow masonry units and expansion anchor fasteners on sol...

Line 146: Unstructured content found
  Context: To Steel: Welded threaded steel studs complying with AWS D1.1/D1.1M, with lock washers and nuts, or ...

Line 148: Unstructured content found
  Context: To Light Steel: Sheet metal screws.

Line 150: Unstructured content found
  Context: Items Mounted on Hollow Walls and Nonstructural Building Surfaces in finished areas: Provide blockin...

Line 152: Unstructured content found
  Context: Items Mounted on Hollow Walls and Nonstructural Building Surfaces in unfinished areas: Mount equipme...

Line 156: Unstructured content found
  Context: Coordinate all work with all other trades prior to commencement of the work. Layout and install all ...

Line 158: Unstructured content found
  Context: Fabricated Support Devices:

Line 160: Unstructured content found
  Context: Conform to the manufacturer’s recommendations for selection and installation of supports.

Line 162: Unstructured content found
  Context: Install individual and multiple (trapeze) raceway hangers and riser clamps as necessary to support r...

Line 164: Unstructured content found
  Context: Support parallel runs of horizontal raceways together on trapeze-type hangers.

Line 166: Unstructured content found
  Context: Support individual horizontal raceways by separate pipe hangers. Spring steel fasteners shall be use...

Line 168: Unstructured content found
  Context: For hanger rods with spring steel fasteners, use 1/4 inch diameter or larger threaded steel. Use spr...

Line 170: Unstructured content found
  Context: Support exposed and concealed raceway within 1 foot of box and access fittings. In horizontal runs, ...

Line 172: Unstructured content found
  Context: In vertical runs, arrange supports so the load produced by the weight of the raceway and the enclose...

Line 183: Unstructured content found
  Context: Fasten pathway products and associated supporting hardware securely to the building structure.

Line 185: Unstructured content found
  Context: Fasten by means of wood screws on wood, toggle bolts on hollow masonry units.

Line 187: Unstructured content found
  Context: Fasten by means of concrete inserts or expansion bolts on concrete or solid masonry.

Line 189: Unstructured content found
  Context: Fasten by means of bolts with lock washers and nuts, machine screws, welded threaded studs, or clamp...

Line 191: Unstructured content found
  Context: Do not weld conduit, pipe straps, or items other than threaded studs to steel structures.

Line 193: Unstructured content found
  Context: In partitions of light steel construction, use sheet metal screws.

Line 195: Unstructured content found
  Context: When installing fasteners in concrete or CMU structures, do not cut, drill or damage reinforcing bar...

Line 197: Unstructured content found
  Context: Ensure that the load applied to any fasteners does not exceed 25-percent of the proof test load. Use...

Line 199: Unstructured content found
  Context: Raceway supports: Hanger spacing shall be as required for adequate support of the raceway, but in no...

Line 205: Unstructured content found
  Context: Provide dowel rods to connect concrete bases to concrete floors/slabs/substrates. Unless otherwise i...

Line 207: Unstructured content found
  Context: Provide epoxy-coated anchor bolts that extend through concrete base and anchor into structural concr...

Line 209: Unstructured content found
  Context: Construct concrete bases of dimensions indicated but not less than 4 inches larger in both direction...

Line 211: Unstructured content found
  Context: Indoor bases shall be at least 4" thick and shall have straight and finished sides and a 1"-45 degre...

Line 213: Unstructured content found
  Context: Outdoor bases shall be at least 6" thick and shall have straight and finished sides and a 1"-45 degr...

Line 215: Unstructured content found
  Context: Unless indicated otherwise in specifications or on drawings, use minimum 3000-psi, 28-day compressiv...

Line 217: Unstructured content found
  Context: Forms: As required for equipment pads or other special applications in field, provide forms made of ...

Line 219: Unstructured content found
  Context: Reinforcement: Cut bars true to length with ends square and free of burrs. Provide metal expansion c...

Line 221: Unstructured content found
  Context: Concrete Placement: Remove loose material from subbase surface immediately before placing concrete. ...

Line 230: Unstructured content found
  Context: Plywood Equipment Boards: Lumber shall be preservative treated in accordance with AWPB LP-2, and kil...

Line 232: Unstructured content found
  Context: Unless otherwise noted, boards shall be fire rated or painted with two coats of good grade weatherpr...

Structure Error (6 errors):
-------------------------
Line 154: List item found without parent item
  Context: Do not use powder/gas-actuated driven methods.

Line 174: List item found without parent item
  Context: Miscellaneous supports:

Line 175: Sub-list item found without parent item
  Context: Support miscellaneous electrical components as required to produce the same structural safety factors as specified for raceway supports. Install metal channel racks for mounting cabinets, pull boxes, junction boxes, and other devices.

Line 177: Sub-list item found without parent item
  Context: Support outlet boxes directly from the building structure or by bar hangers. Where bar hangers are used, attach the bar to raceways on opposite sides of the box and support the raceway with an approved type of fastener not more than 24 inches from the box.

Line 179: Sub-list item found without parent item
  Context: Support junction boxes, pull boxes and other boxes directly from the building structure.

Line 201: List item found without parent item
  Context: Locate all structural elements within existing concrete prior to pre-drilling or setting anchors. Contractor is responsible for repairing all damage to structural elements resulting from the scope of this work.

Numbering Sequence Error (3 errors):
----------------------------------
Line 223: Unexpected item number
  Context: Concrete Finishing: Smooth surface by screeding after striking-off and consolidating concrete. Provide Class A finishing. Broom finish concrete pads, and aprons around pullboxes and structures. Protect concrete from damage until acceptance of work. Exclude traffic over affected areas for at least 14 days after placement.
  Expected: A, Found: J

Line 225: Unexpected item number
  Context: For pad mounted generator follow manufacturers installation instructions. Unless directed otherwise by manufacturer, pad to be a minimum of 6" above finished grade with overall depth as required for pad weight to be greater than or equal to the combined weight of generator, enclosure, and a full fuel tank. maintain a minimum of 36" around the perimeter of the enclosure.  Provide minimum 3000psi concrete with broom finish and #6 rebar spaced 12" on-center along length and width at top and bottom with 3" from surface on all sides; refer to structural plans for additional details.
  Expected: B, Found: K

Line 234: Unexpected item number
  Context: Unless directed otherwise in field, plywood equipment boards shall be 8 feet high by 3/4 inches deep by length shown on drawings (as dimensioned or as scaled) or length as required to accommodate equipment if not indicated on drawings.
  Expected: A, Found: C

